Where are you workers from?
I know where this is.
How dare you break in?
I'm an employee representative of Egret International.
People have heard that Egret International wants to replace the ruler.
They gave me a speech.
Old Qi White Crane International under the leadership of the Yuan army has achieved today.
This person in power is absolutely unbearable.
That's bullshit.
Xiaohe, this is where Loc Dinh will discriminate against you when talking.
Hurry up, get out of the car and come back.
You are the King of Quang Lang, aren't you?
The Army is very interested in our staff.
How can you deal with your sister-in-law?
I beg you to leave the army a way of life.
Let him come back.
Me...
I'll get on my knees.
Am I not on my knees?
You're so brave.
Is this to help me?
Why did Li Buyan try to take advantage of these innocent people on your behalf to control Bach Long International?